chore(war): remove war references (#2476)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/identity/pages/single-sign-on-with-kerberos.adoc

REST API are not part of them by default, but if a HTTP session already exists thanks to cookies, REST API can be used.

The recommended way to authenticate to Bonita Portal to use the REST API is to use the {openApiUrl}/{openApiLatestVersion}/#tag/PortalAuthentication/operation/login[login service]. +

> If you need the SSO to work with the APIs you can update the web.xml of the bonita webapp to add the following resources to the URL Mappings of `AuthenticationFilter` and `KerberosFilter`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need the SSO to work with the APIs you can update the file `BUNDLE_HOME/webapps/bonita/WEB-INF/web.xml` to add the following resources to the URL Mappings of `AuthenticationFilter` and `KerberosFilter`:
```
